typo fixes (#1031)
Microsoft/dotnet: releases/net48/dotnet48-changes.md

* Fixed the WinForms control tooltip's issue where it does not appear when moving keyboard focus to the control
A control's tooltip is displayed now when a user uses a keyboard to focus the control.
This change is effective in applications that have Switch.System.Windows.Forms.UseLegacyToolTipDisplay value and either Switch.UseLegacyAccessibilityFeatures.3 value is set to false or application is built to target .NET version 4.8.  App.config file content is shown below (in 642548). [548792, System.Windows.Forms.dll, Bug, Build:3646]

> * Fixed font scaling issue when DPI changes. Winforms application and controls, when enabled for "per-Monitor" Dpi aware, are not scaled according to the DPI of the monitor (or device). Winform apps, by default, behaves like "System" DPI aware. This was causing Winforms applications/controls to be displayed blurry as a result of windows scaling them and - in some cases - controls are either not scaled or scaled out of proportion.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed font scaling issue when DPI changes. Winforms applications and controls, when enabled for "per-Monitor" Dpi awareness, are not scaled according to the DPI of the monitor (or device). Winforms apps, by default, behave like "System" DPI aware. This was causing Winforms applications/controls to be displayed blurry as a result of windows scaling them, and in some cases controls are either not scaled or scaled out of proportion.
```
